British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 5: Media, Environment and Society.
Lesson 2: Media, Environment and Society: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a vocabulary task about environment.
Today you will practise language connected to environment.
Target language: modals of advice.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for media, environment and society. You will learn useful language connected to environment and practise modals of advice. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.